In this lesson we're gonna implement update answer functionality so that the users that has answered
a particular question also able to edit their own answers.
Here we need to add edit button also delete button as we did when we were building the question resource.
And in this case I'm going to put them on the bottom left of the answer item.
All right
let's go ahead and open our terminal
and create new branch by typing git
checkout -b
and then the branch name is lesson-18.
OK firstly let's add button
in our answer item. Here we can open question index.blade.php
and simply copy
this buttons.
Now let's open answers _index.blade.php
here before I paste the buttons here I'm going to restructure or make change these markup because if
you see here the author info is too close to the right and you can see each answer item is not in
the same line.
Now I want to show the buttons on the left and
the author still in the right side but it's not too
close to the right and I want it's in the same
line in each answer item.
So here after answer's body I'm going to add a new div
and give it a bootstrap row class
inside this
I'm going to add new div
and give it a class col-4
So bootstrap grid system provide 12 columns in a row.
And here I want to split the row into three parts.
each part will be col-4
And inside this div just paste the buttons
then I'm going to add another col-4
for now
It will be empty but maybe in the future I'm going to add something else.
Here let's cut these lines
and paste here
And change this class to col-4
All right let's change this variable
to answer.
And here in the edit button let's change the route
to questions dot answers dot
edit
And then let's see again our edit route
and here
we have two route parameters so here
we can pass in the second parameter an array.
The first is question instance or question id
and the second is the answer instance or answer ID.
And here in the delete form let's change the form action
to questions dot answers dot destroy and pass in the same array in the second parameter.
All right
now let's create new policy because here we call
can update answer and can delete answer.
Let's switch over to our terminal and generate policy for our answer model by saying: php artisan make
policy AnswerPolicy
model equals answer
Now let's
open up the answer policy file
here get rid of the other methods except
update and delete method.
And here we match the current user ID with answer's user id
let's copy this line.
And paste here. Next
We need to register our new policy in auth service provider.
So let's open the file
here
let's import the namespace of the answer model
and also the answer policy.
And then here we map the answer model to answer the policy
Alright let's save all changes.
And have a look
here I logged in as James Bogan
So here
the buttons only appear on the answer that made by this user.
And you can see the buttons are hidden on the answers that are made by other users.
OK
now let's open
Answers controller
here in the edit method
let's add question as the first argument.
And here before we return edit view
let's make sure the user that will edit the answer
is the authorized user.
Here we can say this authorize update
answer.
After that we can return
the answers
dot edit view and pass in the question and answer instance to it.
Next here in update method let's also add
question before answer.
And inside here we also need to authorize
the user to update the answer
and then we can validate the answer and update it in single command like so
remember request validate will return the array
contains a validated data. And last after answer
updated
We can redirect the page to a question dot show
and remember the questions dot show route needs a slug.
So here we pass the question's slug.
And let's also store a message into session.